Documentation: Add disk encryption key docs to mdm docs and website (#9636)
fleetdm/fleet: docs/Using-Fleet/Mobile-device-management.md

# Mobile device management (MDM)

> - [Controls](#controls)
>   - [macOS updates](#macos-updates)
> - [Apple Push Notification Service](#apple-push-notification-service-apns)
>   - [APNs renewal](#apns-renewal)
> - [Apple Business Manager](#apple-business-manager-abm)
>   - [ABM renewal](#abm-renewal)
> - [Disk encryption key](#disk-encryption-key)
>   - [Viewing a disk encryption key](#viewing-a-disk-encryption-key)
>   - [Recovering a device using the disk encryption key](#recover-a-device-using-the-disk-encryption-key)
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Hey! Thanks for adding these (heads up play) but I don't think we need these anchor links. This is because the website automatically displays the the h2s (##) in the sidebar. 

Here's a screenshot of the current sidebar in the [docs](https://fleetdm.com/docs/using-fleet/mobile-device-management):
![Screenshot 2023-02-03 at 10 14 03 AM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/47070608/216638771-efa29989-2c67-4920-9dcd-80069d8c6209.png)

The Apple Business Manager server token expires after a year or whenever the account that downloaded the token has their password changed. To renew the token, follow the [instructions documented in this FAQ](https://fleetdm.com/docs/using-fleet/faq#how-can-i-renew-my-apple-business-manager-server-token).

> ## Disk encryption key

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Disk encryption
```

I think we can call this section "Disk encryption"

> Currently, the disk encryption key refers to the FileVault recovery key only for macOS 10.15+ devices. FileVault allows you to access and recover data on a device without the login credentials. This key is stored by Fleet and can be accessed by Fleet admin, maintainers, and observers to log into a device without its password. An event is tracked in the activity feed when a user views the key using Fleet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Fleet, you can turn on disk encryption on your macOS hosts. Apple calls this [FileVault](https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT204837). If turned on, hosts’ disk encryption keys will be stored in Fleet.

The disk encryption key allows you to unlock a Mac if you forgot login credentials. This key can be accessed by Fleet admin, maintainers, and observers. An event is tracked in the activity feed when a user views the key in Fleet.
```

Looks good! I removed the information about macOS version support. We'll address this elsewhere at a more "global" location. This is because all of Fleet's MDM features will support macOS 10.15+.

### Viewing a disk encryption key

> To view the disk encryption key, select the host on Fleet's manage host page to view host details. In the host's action menu, select Show disk encryption key to view the key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To view the disk encryption key, select a host on the **Hosts** page. On the **Host details** page, select **Actions > Show disk encryption key**.
```

I updated the page and button name formatting (bold font) to match what we're using elsewhere in the docs.

> ### Recover a device using the disk encryption key

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Unlock a device using the disk encryption key
```

Using "unlock language because this is what we're going to use in the section above:
